# Django Spages

Lightweight single page app for Django on top of [Page.js](https://github.com/visionmedia/page.js) (7.8 Ko) for
the client-side routing, and [Promise.js](https://github.com/stackp/promisejs) (2,3 Ko) for the async ajax calls. 

- *Fast*: load the page once and update the content using rest
- *Old school friendly*: straigthforward, no npm and friends build steps

## Install

  ```bash
pip install django-spages
pip install "git+git://github.com/nnseva/django-jsoneditor.git"
  ```

Installed apps:

  ```python
"rest_framework",
"ckeditor",
"ckeditor_uploader",
"codemirror2",
"mptt_graph",
"jsoneditor",
"spages",
  ```

Migrate.

Urls:

  ```python
url(r'^ckeditor/', include('ckeditor_uploader.urls')),
url(r'^',include('spages.urls'))
  ```
  
## Options

To use the Codemirror editor instead of the default Ckeditor add this setting:

  ```python
SPAGES_CODE_MODE = True
  ```

## Usage

#### Templates

You just need a ``{% block content %}`` in your ``base.html`` template and a ``<div id="content">`` where you want
the page content to be rendered.

You can include ``{% include "spages/client.js" %}`` anywhere to get the js routes.

#### Autogenerated files

Create pages in the admin. The page.js routes will be autogenerated in ``templates/spages/auto/routes.js``. A 
management command is also available to rebuild the routes: ``python manage.py build_routes``. 

Just link to your pages normaly in the navigation and the routes will be applied, retrieving json 
from the server to update content.

For navigation an autogenerated file is available: ``{% include "spages/auto/navlinks.html" %}``. It will generate
navigation links using the level 1 pages (just under the root node). A ``python manage.py build_navlinks``
command is also available.

#### Javascript handlers

If you need to extend the basic js handlers on page create templates: ``spages/extra_handlers.js``: this js will be
executed before fetching the data. And ``spages/extra_async_handlers.js``: this will be executed within the async loop
after fetching content.

## Why?

The goal is to get faster render speed for pages, and to improve the user experience,
specialy the ones that use low bandwidth connections.